docs/events.md, before:

# Events

Sometimes we do fun things. Like host a hackathon. Or office hours.

## Office Hours

The Research Computing Club officers host office hours every term where club members can ask questions about Hyak, Cloud, and AI/ML.

**Winter 2025 Schedule:**

| Host        |      Date           |   Time   |
| ------------- | :-----------:     | -----:   |
| Sam Shin      | Tuesday, Jan 21st | 12 PM    |
| Sam Shin      | Tuesday, Jan 28th |  1 PM    |
| Lingnan Shen  | Friday, Feb 7th   |  12 PM   |
| Teerth Mehta  | Tuesday, Feb 18th | 11:30 AM |
| Teerth Metha  | Tuesday, Feb 25th | 11:30 AM |
| Kenny Lam     | Monday, March 3rd | 3 PM     |
| Lingnan Shen  | Friday, March 14th| 12 PM    |

## Hyak Trainings

**Hyak: Open OnDemand**

Open OnDemand (OOD) is an open-source web portal for HPC centers to provide users with an easy-to-use web interface to HPC clusters. For the last year, the Hyak team has been adding features to OOD.

This workshop will demonstrate OOD's main features such as exploring the filesystem, composing jobs, and launching interactive applications like Jupyter. **_This workshop will be held in person 10am - 11:30am on Friday January, 31, 2025 in CSE2 (Gates Center) Room 371 (3800 E Stevens Way NE, Seattle, WA 98195)._**

[Click here to learn more and register for the event](https://form.jotform.com/finchkn/hyak-open-ondemand)

## Hackathon

**Research Computing Club Hackathon**

The date is **_Saturday April 19_**, start time TBD, location eScience Institute (_address: WRF Data Science Studio, UW Physics/Astronomy Tower, 6th Floor, 3910 15th Ave NE, Seattle, WA 98195_)

Commit message:

Remove lolo server add instructions. Made other minor updates and links to training and Hyak mailing list.

docs/events.md, after:

# Events

Sometimes we do fun things. Like host a hackathon. Or office hours.

## Office Hours

The Research Computing Club officers host office hours every term where club members can ask questions about Hyak, Cloud, and AI/ML.

**Winter 2025 Schedule:**

| Host        |      Date           |   Time   |
| ------------- | :-----------:     | -----:   |
| Kenny Lam     | Monday, March 3rd | 3 PM     |
| Lingnan Shen  | Friday, March 14th| 12 PM    |

## Office Hours with Hyak Staff

* **Wednesdays at 2pm on Zoom**. Attendees need only register once and can attend any of the occurrences with the Zoom link that will arrive via email. [[Click here to Register for Zoom Office Hours]](https://washington.zoom.us/meeting/register/tJMpce6vrz8sEtR5miKvhsQiXANt6lBORFTu).

* **Thursdays at 2pm in person in eScience**. (address: WRF Data Science Studio, UW Physics/Astronomy Tower, 6th Floor, 3910 15th Ave NE, Seattle, WA 98195). [[Click here to visit the eScience Office Hours page]](https://escience.washington.edu/using-data-science/office-hours#office-hour-schedule) to see additional eScience office hours including AI/ML, R, Earth Data, and Python (not available to help with Homework).

## Hyak Trainings

[[Subscribe to subscribe to the Hyak mailing list]](https://mailman1.u.washington.edu/mailman/listinfo/hyak-users) to receive monthly training announcements. 

Hyak training sessions are recorded and available through the [[Research Computing Training Playlist on UW-IT's YouTube channel]](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-uLiqrTav1omqc7omKsLzRg2ng3nKCtj&si=ACwxjc0PV67AQfxm)

## Hackathon

**Research Computing Club Hackathon**

The date is **_Saturday April 19_**, start time TBD, location eScience Institute (_address: WRF Data Science Studio, UW Physics/Astronomy Tower, 6th Floor, 3910 15th Ave NE, Seattle, WA 98195_)
