docs/hyak_access.md, before:

# Hyak Access

## Applying for Access

1. Make sure you are eligible and have [[joined RCC]](index.md#joining-rcc).
2. Review the [[Hyak Prerequisites]](prerequisites.md). Hyak is used through a linux command line. For many researchers, HPC resources are the first time they encounter this. This is fine! But you should spend a bit of time making sure you grasp the basics before moving to the supercomputer.
3. Read the [[Hyak Documentation]](https://hyak.uw.edu/docs) in full. Further, you should consider attending an in-person [[Hyak training session]](events.md#hyak-trainings).
4. Read and agree to the RCC Hyak resource [[terms of service]](hyak_TOS.md).
5. Complete the [[RCC Hyak skills assessment]](https://forms.office.com/r/h7Ecdpfh2z). Completion of this form serves as your application for access to Hyak and will trigger the review of all requirements. It may take up to 5 business days to grant access. If you have not heard back after 5 days, you may email RCC leadership or reach out to an officer on slack.

## Completing Setup

Once you receive an email stating that your access has been granted, there's a few more steps:

1. Make sure two-factor authentication is set up. It almost certainly is, but you can check this at [https://itconnect.uw.edu/tools-services-support/access-authentication/2fa/](https://itconnect.uw.edu/tools-services-support/access-authentication/2fa/).
2. Add Hyak as a service on your UW netid.
    1. Go to [https://uwnetid.washington.edu/manage/](https://uwnetid.washington.edu/manage/)
    2. Click the “Computing Services” bar on the left. In the “Inactive Services” section, check the boxes titled “Hyak Server” and “Lolo Server”. Note: sometimes these options aren’t immediately available; if, a day or so after getting added to the STF group you still don’t see these options, email <hpcc@uw.edu> or message an officer on slack.
    3. Hit “Subscribe”. Note: it may take up to an hour after subscribing for the service to be fully functional.

Commit message:

Remove lolo server add instructions. Made other minor updates and links to training and Hyak mailing list.

docs/hyak_access.md, after:

# Hyak Access

## Applying for Access

1. Make sure you are eligible and have [[joined RCC]](index.md#joining-rcc).
2. Review the [[Hyak Prerequisites]](prerequisites.md). Hyak is used through a linux command line. For many researchers, HPC resources are the first time they encounter this. This is fine! But you should spend a bit of time making sure you grasp the basics before moving to the supercomputer.
3. Read the [[Hyak Documentation]](https://hyak.uw.edu/docs) in full. Further, you should consider attending an in-person [[Hyak training session]](events.md#hyak-trainings).
4. Read and agree to the RCC Hyak resource [[terms of service]](hyak_TOS.md).
5. Complete the [[RCC Hyak skills assessment]](https://forms.office.com/r/h7Ecdpfh2z). Completion of this form serves as your application for access to Hyak and will trigger the review of all requirements. It may take up to 5 business days to grant access. If you have not heard back after 5 days, you may email RCC leadership or reach out to an officer on slack.

## Completing Set Up

Once you receive an email stating that your access has been granted, there's a few more steps:

1. Make sure two-factor authentication is set up. It almost certainly is, but you can check this at [https://itconnect.uw.edu/tools-services-support/access-authentication/2fa/](https://itconnect.uw.edu/tools-services-support/access-authentication/2fa/).
2. Be sure to [**subscribe to the Hyak mailing list**](https://mailman1.u.washington.edu/mailman/listinfo/hyak-users) for reminders about monthly maintenance and training opportunity announcements. 
3. Add Hyak as a service on your UW netid.
    1. Go to [https://uwnetid.washington.edu/manage/](https://uwnetid.washington.edu/manage/)
    2. Click the “Computing Services” bar on the left. In the “Inactive Services” section, check the boxes titled “Hyak Server”. Note: sometimes these options aren’t immediately available; if, a day or so after getting added to the STF group you still don’t see these options, email <hpcc@uw.edu> or message an officer on slack.
    3. Hit “Subscribe”. Note: it may take up to an hour after subscribing for the service to be fully functional.
