docs/prerequisites.md, before:

# Hyak Prerequisites

Before you can use Hyak, you must meet a few preerequisites related to using the command line. Hyak doesn't have a graphical user interface with windows and a mouse like your personal computer does. Instead, you interact with Hyak via a 'shell'. Every action you take on Hyak will be entered to this shell as a text command. If you have used a linux system before, this is likely familiar to you. If not, it is fast to learn!

## Getting a terminal on your local computer

You will need a terminal application on your computer to access Hyak. If you use a mac or run linux, you already have this. If you use Windows, you will need to install it. We reccomend using Windows Subsytem for Linux (WSL2) for this. This is a service that lets you run a full linux system on windows and gives you access to many of the tools you will need to access Hyak. Follow the instructions at [https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/) to install.

## Navigating file structures

Follow this [[link]](https://linuxjourney.com/lesson/the-shell) to learn about navigating file structures.

## Editing text files

Most jobs you run on Hyak will involve editing text files with configuration information. Since there is no Micrsoft Word on Hyak, you will need a command line text editor. This is a program that lets you edit a text file from the terminal.

On Hyak, you can use Vim, Emacs, or Nano. Each has its advantages and drawbacks. We suggest picking one and becoming comfortable with it.

[[Intro to Vim and Emacs]](https://linuxjourney.com/lesson/regular-expressions-regex)

[[Intro to Nano]](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-use-nano-text-editor/)

When working with files, you may also need to modify [[file permissions]](https://linuxjourney.com/lesson/file-permissions).

## Accessing remote machines with SSH

<!-- Need to find a good tutorial for this -->

<!-- ## Asesssment

To gain access to Hyak, you will need to demonstrate your *nix basics proficiency by passing the skills assessment.

Access this assessment at [https://forms.office.com/r/h7Ecdpfh2z](https://forms.office.com/r/h7Ecdpfh2z) (UW NetID required). -->

Commit message:

Remove lolo server add instructions. Made other minor updates and links to training and Hyak mailing list.

docs/prerequisites.md, after:

# Hyak Prerequisites

Before you can use Hyak, you must meet a few preerequisites related to using the command line. Hyak doesn't have a graphical user interface with windows and a mouse like your personal computer does. Instead, you interact with Hyak via a 'shell'. Every action you take on Hyak will be entered to this shell as a text command. If you have used a linux system before, this is likely familiar to you. If not, it is fast to learn!

## Getting a terminal on your local computer

You will need a terminal application on your computer to access Hyak. If you use a mac or run linux, you already have this. If you use Windows, you will need to install it. We reccomend using Windows Subsytem for Linux (WSL2) for this. This is a service that lets you run a full linux system on windows and gives you access to many of the tools you will need to access Hyak. Follow the instructions at [https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/) to install.

## Hyak Basics

Follow this [[link]](https://hyak.uw.edu/docs/hyak101/basics/syllabus) to complete the Hyak Basics Tutorial which includes basic Linux fundamentals tailored to Hyak users.

## Editing text files

Most jobs you run on Hyak will involve editing text files with configuration information. Since there is no Micrsoft Word on Hyak, you will need a command line text editor. This is a program that lets you edit a text file from the terminal.

On Hyak, you can use Vim, Emacs, or Nano. Each has its advantages and drawbacks. We suggest picking one and becoming comfortable with it.

[[Intro to Vim and Emacs]](https://linuxjourney.com/lesson/regular-expressions-regex)

[[Intro to Nano]](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-use-nano-text-editor/)

When working with files, you may also need to modify [[file permissions]](https://linuxjourney.com/lesson/file-permissions).

<!-- ##Accessing remote machines with SSH -->

<!-- Need to find a good tutorial for this -->

<!-- ## Asesssment

To gain access to Hyak, you will need to demonstrate your *nix basics proficiency by passing the skills assessment.

Access this assessment at [https://forms.office.com/r/h7Ecdpfh2z](https://forms.office.com/r/h7Ecdpfh2z) (UW NetID required). -->
